well
that's a nice question um i try to
keep the interest by first of all by
being interested myself uh if you're
uninterested in
in writing or discovering or doing the
research that involves writing
then it's unlikely you'll ever interest
anyone else so i approached the books as
if with the the excitement of the very
first time i learned about mitochondria
uh that same excitement uh in
in researching in understanding should
come through
in the book uh that's one principle and
the second thing is
um i try to use language that is
simple but is does not
make the make it um uh
you know in america we call it dumb down
the the science um
you um i think the general approach that
i've taken
and there were lots of critics when i
first started writing my book but the
general approach i've taken is that
a lay audience is actually an extremely
sophisticated audience
uh the public um you know if you don't
know what you're writing about or
talking about
a very astute reader or any reader
will also know in a second that you
don't that you haven't done the work
so you have to really be convinced
yourself
and have the confidence to be able to
tell the story
and it's only when you have that
confidence you find that you can
actually tell the story in simple
language
science is just a language it is
a wonderful language but it's a language
it has some jargon inside it but you can
get rid of the jargon
and once you have gotten rid of the
jargon
i think the public is really hungry to
understand i mean people are hungry to
understand about cobit
um they are hungry to understand why
this pandemic happened what is this
virus
where did it come from what is it going
to do to us
yeah so if in fact this is even more a
time when we need writers and thinkers
to think about science and explain it to
the public
so that the erosion of public trust in
science
that has been spearheaded by um
you know populist government officials
can be restored and the public learns to
trust science again